feat(redis): sim support (#6)
winglang/winglibs: wing-redis/README.md

# Wing Redis Client Library

This library provides a Wing client for Redis.

## Installation

Use `npm` to install this library:

```sh

> npm i @winglibs/wing-redis

Reviewer: Please rename to just `redis`

Author: I have changed it manually everywhere possible. Should I change the `wing-redis.yaml` file manually at `.github/workflows`?

```

## Bring it

The `redis.Redis` resource represents a Redis client.

```js
bring wing-redis;

> new redis.Redis() as "redis";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new redis.Redis();
```

Maybe also add a simple example of usage in this initial code block.

```

## Use it

The `redis.Redis` resource provides the following methods:

* `get` - Gets a value from the Redis server.
* `set` - Sets a value on the Redis server.
* `del` - Deletes a value from the Redis server.
* `hget` - Gets a value from a hash on the Redis server.
* `hset` - Sets a value on a hash on the Redis server.
* `sadd` - Adds a value to a set on the Redis server.
* `smembers` - Gets all members of a set on the Redis server.

## `sim`

> When executed in the Wing Simulator, the client is started within a local Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executed in the Wing Simulator, a Redis server is started within a local Docker container.
```
